Proposed description (#4)
kalkayan/k8s.elections.meta: elections/2020_SC/election_desc.md

# Welcome to the 2020 annual Kubernetes Steering Committee election.

All active k8s members are encouraged to vote to make sure that k8s steering
commitee represents the community. Voting eligibility is defined in [TODO](link

> to standing membership requirement). Check your eligibility [here](TODO: is there a link?)

Reviewer: we're going to be removing "check your availability" because the app itself will display whether or not the user is eligible.

> to standing membership requirement). Check your eligibility [here](TODO: is there a link?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to standing membership requirement). This page displays your eligibility.
If you are not eligible, you can request an exception [here](link-to-exception-form)

```
